well I'm here at the offline TV house
for more coverage of this holiday
extravaganza here I'm joined right now
by fed Meister who is both editor and
personality and you all sorts of things
right I obviously don't know at this
point I like stream rarely and then like
I guess I've edited and then shoot like
everything as well banned from twitch
there's all sorts of stuff obviously do
you know the full story about that I
don't know the full story I don't know
if you wanted to close in the interview
we can always talk about it later but
yeah but either way he's so a
controversial figure no and you oh and
you're banned from night blue right
you've got that shirt on as well I think
yeah I mean we're friends now but it was
a joke good stuff well okay so how did
you get involved in all this stuff
because you are one of the the guys
that's been around sort of stuff from
the start here almost from the start so
how do I get involved with offline TV or
just in general
offline well I was editing for I will
dominate and at the time I was kind of
getting burnt out
you know highlighting is kind of grindy
and Chris reached out to me well I was
talking to scar but Chris reached out to
me I guess they talked in private
increase judge me was like hey would you
be interested in moving in because I
think the current editor they had wasn't
it didn't have correct like direction
with like how they wanted to go they
asked me to come join in and when I
found I was working with Marc and Josh I
was like yeah I'm like super down
because we complemented each other
really well you know Mars kind of like
you know he's a he's an asshat but he's
like super fun to work with and then
Josh is like super creative he has like
write experience and then me I'm just a
creative nut so it kind of it kind of
worked out yeah because you you guys do
come up with some pretty crazy ideas I
think maybe the first offline video I
saw it was either smash her past with
legal legends where I was like wow scars
made an about-face with some of his
content or it was the Wireless Keyboard
prank that you did with pokey and Lily
but you know what's funny about that
Wireless Keyboard prank it was like I
woke up one morning I was like this is
gonna this is a video
and then it just like I just went into
Lily's room and like started recording
and that's how it all happened
it's crazy so is that how a lot of the
content ideas come up here or do you
guys have to do brainstorm sessions I
mean how does this stuff work some of
its brainstorm sessions others is just
like kind of like last-minute like the
Mariachi man another one was like last
super last-minute like just like called
Chris hey can we like see you scars
money to like prank him okay and others
like like when we did today is more
planned out but it's kind of like 50/50
yeah and the one you did today you guys
did like a kind of secret santa gift
extinct if exchange but secret santa
thing with all the fans sending in gifts
right yeah correct everyone got their
own gifts I got some interesting stuff
I got a thong and a vibrator and yeah
that's fun just allow me so you're the
clickbait master so does that mean that
I can now in the headline pic gone
sexual at the end of this whatever you
need I'll say it yeah thanks I
appreciate it
no I mean oh can you say something we're
like controversial about pokey because I
feel like if you just reference her
that's that seems to be a secret that
you guys have used here I think yeah
pokey he's probably the most she knows
like she knows how to like click bait
but then um but you know do her face so
it's just so like she can make any kind
of face and like 500 Katie's instantly
so I'm always like taking advantage of
her like her personality in her face for
like it I think if you look at our
channels like 80 percent pokey
so thanks pokey I guess the pokey
pictures I mean also so did you have I
guess you had the experience from the I
will dominate stuff that you've done but
it seems like you have been Mike my
impression is that you are leading the
charge on kind of figuring out how to do
like the crazy clickbait titles and
coming up with like like all the
thumbnails and stuff thumbnails are
great so I mean is it sort of how did
you come about really
like how to go full youtube so I had
like a year experience working for DOM
and he he kind of like didn't like
monitor me or like manage me it always
conscious me figuring things out so I
had all that experience trying to figure
out okay well what is clickbait what do
people what would people complain about
you know if I click like too hard
don't complain too little so I try
trying to find the middle ground between
link what are people gonna complain
about what they don't complain about so
and then applying that all here it's
like really easy because you're working
with like huge personalities and it's
very easy to market to community of
people one of the things that
everybody's brought up and all these
interviews that I've done is that the
kind of target for offline was to hit
100k by the end of the year I hit 100k
recently my channel feels really good
but you guys exceeded that you you've
recently broke 200k I believe so what
has it been like for you cuz if you kind
of are the guy really running the
channel so to speak when they told me
they want to get a hundred hundred K by
December I was like that's such a low
standard I was like no Vince I wanted to
get three hundred by December so to me
this is like sort of a failure but like
I think we are like on good track and I
think with the personality we have it's
like very possible but my goal is to
make the channel like the size of like
team ten something like huge something
people people across the world will know
about I don't I don't want to like limit
ourselves like the gaming community cuz
I think that's a low I want to I want to
reach for big yeah what what advice
would you give my youtube channel
fed what do I need to do for my
interviews and all the content that I do
so that I can make it big just a Travis
cafard here for another poky interview
interview ad stream is Tim I hear
they're great at speaking in front of
cameras and such no I think it was great
would you but you barely hit 100k yes
but I mean I've I mean I only started
trying again a couple of months ago
you're into
okay yeah that makes sense yeah you way
your honor good track then well I had
like 50 when I came back from Yahoo
because this was like a channel from
years and years ago so but I've been
I've been pretty happy it's just been
it's interesting like I used to do all
the titling and stuff for reddit right
because reddit for eSports content
creators that's like the place where all
the content lives now actually that's
only a fraction of my viewership so it's
been kind of interesting diving into the
whole YouTube stuff and trying to figure
how to make that work yeah I think I
wake up every day and I see you want to
read it it's just like when I was
editing for Dom I was like okay this
video can go and read it like it'll help
like so much with the channels like read
it act read I actually like built my
career if that makes any sense when I
before I even started working for Dom I
was doing trailers for like matches for
TSM vs CLG hype trailer you message me I
did oh you're right you know I asked if
I could use oh I remember this I
remember this so vividly I asked you if
I could use darshan a clip of darshan
saying something in your interview let
me see if I can find I'll find the DM
but yeah so you started doing all this
stuff right yeah and yes I was doing
trailers and I think when I hit my first
tooth out I posted my first video on red
and I was like okay someone told me she
supposed to be on red it might do well
post it on there and I got 2,000 views
and I started crying because I'd never
gotten above like a thousand views in my
life
and then I saw the comments and it just
blew up and like it was insane and I
think it was then my gym my my channel
had like 5000 subs and then after the
TSM CLG trailer I got so many emails
from Mike from Mike milonov at a team
liquid and then Steve from Team Liquid
as well Noah from immortals like asking
me like hey can you like do these stuff
for us can you do top-5 plays like
highlight his stuff and I was just like
yeah I'm down on them and I didn't
really know like how to approach it
because I've never like done commission
or contract work for anyone but you know
it's all learning experience and
eventually I just settled down with DOM
because I thought it'd be like
ultimately like a steady path do you not
to grow a channel from like zero except
the time DOM I don't know if you know he
was just starting his streaming career
he'd like retired just then so it worked
out really well yeah so like here's from
from April 19th 2016 less than two years
ago which is kind of crazy
hi Travis my name is Federico and I make
those hype trailers you might have seen
on Reddit I am contacting you because
I'd liked your permission to use a sound
bite of your last interview with darshan
for my next piece I've been strictly
using Ryan only content but there's just
a perfect couple lines I'd love to
include and I thought it wouldn't hurt
to ask of course if you agree I'd
include links to your interview page in
the description thanks smiley face if
you missed the last hype vid you can
check it out here it's very cute and I
said yeah of course as long as it's less
than 30 seconds I don't because this was
when I was with Yahoo I didn't want them
getting in trouble so there's a very
very good and then the next time I
messaged you I said good pranks because
it was after the the keyboard video so I
was funny as this has happened a couple
times where I like interact with
somebody and then I'll look in the DMS
after I've like met them again and
they'll have messaged me from before
trying so it's kind of cool to see you
get your start that way you know yeah
it's crazy because uh so much like time
flies so fast when you're like when you
just work grinding like every day it's
the same yeah where are you from the
Southern California area or did you have
to move out here I'm from Encino so
literally Sherman Oaks area like really
like ten minutes away and I went to
school and UC Santa Cruz so and then I
dropped out because I wanted to like do
highlighting for da like I just take it
a big working for I will dominate you
know that's a who needs to be an
engineer or a scientist like I was going
to school for film you know and and
going to school for film is risky and if
it's all because he generally from all
the people I've spoken to like going to
school film was like you're not gonna
guarantee not guaranteed a very good job
like Stratham school and I didn't want
to like be a assistant editor for like
the rest of my life so I kind of just
took the risk and thought I'd do
something I'm passionate about gaming
passionate about League and I knew Dom
I got watched in place I was like okay
maybe this would work on maybe womb so
we'll see you take a year off yeah it
worked out yeah Broden my video producer
who's filming us right now he went to
school he went to Chapman he graduated
and now he gets paid in lunches you know
to film me and do these little videos so
yeah you made the right decision you got
out of there
he spent all this money and now he just
it's you know I told him it's we're come
to Yahoo we're just gonna be big what's
the worst it's ask Yahoo a verizon's
coming it everything's gonna be great
you know you get to work with the best
now I'm like hey Brodin do you want to
do this interview I can buy lunch
you know actually apply to Chapman but I
got stupidly denied but that's not
something I didn't spend that much
effort on my application of anyways when
I was working for Dom I was making like
an insane amount of money so but then I
moved over here and now I'm making
enough barely enough for lunch so sorry
I'm Travis screwing over video producers
everywhere here very good well hey uh
speaking on that note sort of at the end
of the interview it was perfect time to
ask this question there's a lot of
editors out there that would love to get
involved in all this stuff is there
anything that you would say to them
because you know they're aspiring maybe
they're making some youtube stuff and
and they there they might DM me and say
hello my name is Thomas and I'm make
this videos you know I get those diems
every day I swear to God I'd send my
best advice is to just find excuses to
practice like if you just practice find
excuses to make content and learn from
other people's content how are they
doing this why is why are they
successful you know if you figure out
like what the whys and how I was like
everything is in front of you Google
Google YouTube and you learn you can
learn everything online it's where um
it's all in front of you just gotta like
use it and apply it and maintain the
concepts and reapply them let's say yeah
sounds like you're saying a college
degree from Chapman is a waste of time
and money this is what I'm getting it's
totally not because you get the
practical experience you know how to use
a camera F stopping all this stuff which
you could also learn online but on but
you know I'm but you do learn
theoretical stuff which is also
interesting because it helps you talk to
other people about you know interesting
ideas which is useful sometimes very
very good yeah I one thing it helps you
learn how to make beautiful thumbnails
with text and all sort of stuff
yeah really pushing that clickbait yeah
just how did the thing they don't teach
your Chapman how to put pokies face on
every thumbnail
should be a separate class obviously I
would take I would take like fading with
pokeyman boy all right well I thank you
so much for the interview really quickly
because I'm sure a bunch of people in
the comments could be like why is he
wearing a stupid yellow thing do you
ought to explain what this is is you've
because this has been making noise all
interview yes so this is uh I guess
hazard suit because we were unboxing our
Christmas presents and you know I'm
concerned you know what was gonna be in
there so you know I got my mask I got my
suit and my gloves so I was pretty
prepared I think everyone should have
been wearing I don't know why they were
yeah some dangerous stuff these days
thank you so much for the interview
before everyone else you can check out
more coverage of all things YouTube
clickbait 101 right here on my youtube
channel
hello everyone this is Travis cafard and
thank you so much for supporting me here
on my youtube channel where I do lots of
interviews and videos if you would like
to support me more you can check me out
in the description below thank you I
sounded like Squidward I think you sound
like Squidward to me